JSON Attribute	Description	Type
transaction_id	Transaction ID given by Midtrans.	String
order_id	Order ID specified by you.	String
gross_amount	Total amount of transaction in IDR.	String
payment_type	The payment method used by the customer.	String
transaction_time	Timestamp of transaction in ISO 8601 format. Time Zone: GMT+7.	String
transaction_status	Transaction status after charge credit card transaction. Possible values are
capture : Transaction is accepted by the bank and ready for settlement.
deny: transaction is denied by the bank or FDS.
authorize: Credit card is authorized in pre-authorization feature.
pending: Credit card is pending and you will need to rely on the http notification webhook to receive the final transaction status.	String
fraud_status	Detection result by Fraud Detection System (FDS). Possible values are
accept : Approved by FDS.
challenge: Questioned by FDS. Note: Approve transaction to accept it or transaction gets automatically canceled during settlement.
deny: Denied by FDS. Transaction automatically failed.	String
masked_card	First 8-digits and last 4-digits of customer's credit card number.	String
status_code	Status code of transaction charge result.	String
bank	The acquiring bank of the transaction.	String
status_message	Description of transaction charge result.	String
approval_code	Approval code. It can be used for refund. This does not exist on denied transaction.	String
eci	The 3D secure ECI Code.	String
channel_response_code	Response code from payment channel provider.	String
channel_response_message	Response message from payment channel provider.	String
currency	ISO-4217 representation of three-letter alphabetic currency code. Value: IDR.
Note: Currently only IDR is supported.	String
card_type	Type of card used for the transaction. Possible values are credit, debit.	String
three_ds_version	3DS Version that used for transaction (This field only present for 3DS Transaction). Possible values are 1, 2	String
📘
Note

If you receive pending transaction_status, you will need to rely on the http notification webhook to receive the final transaction status


Available options are given below.

Name	Description
performAuthentication	Implementation to open redirect URL in iFrame.
onSuccess	Handle to receive successful callback response.
onPending	Handle to receive callback response. Only applicable when merchant applied for async endpoint.
onFailure	Handle to receive failure response.